id
dialogue
dialogue audio

# Exercise 1
exercise 1 id
exercise 1 number
exercise 1 question
exercise 1 question audio
exercise 1 alternative 1 label
exercise 1 alternative 1 content
exercise 1 alternative 2 label
exercise 1 alternative 2 content
exercise 1 alternative 3 label
exercise 1 alternative 3 content
exercise 1 alternative 4 label
exercise 1 alternative 4 content
exercise 1 answer

# exercise 2
exercise 2 id
exercise 2 number
exercise 2 question
exercise 2 question audio
exercise 2 alternative 1 label
exercise 2 alternative 1 content
exercise 2 alternative 2 label
exercise 2 alternative 2 content
exercise 2 alternative 3 label
exercise 2 alternative 3 content
exercise 2 alternative 4 label
exercise 2 alternative 4 content
exercise 2 answer

# exercise 3
exercise 3 id
exercise 3 number
exercise 3 question
exercise 3 question audio
exercise 3 alternative 1 label
exercise 3 alternative 1 content
exercise 3 alternative 2 label
exercise 3 alternative 2 content
exercise 3 alternative 3 label
exercise 3 alternative 3 content
exercise 3 alternative 4 label
exercise 3 alternative 4 content
exercise 3 answer

# exercise 4
exercise 4 id
exercise 4 number
exercise 4 question
exercise 4 question audio
exercise 4 alternative 1 label
exercise 4 alternative 1 content
exercise 4 alternative 2 label
exercise 4 alternative 2 content
exercise 4 alternative 3 label
exercise 4 alternative 3 content
exercise 4 alternative 4 label
exercise 4 alternative 4 content
exercise 4 answer

# exercise 5
exercise 5 id
exercise 5 number
exercise 5 question
exercise 5 question audio
exercise 5 alternative 1 label
exercise 5 alternative 1 content
exercise 5 alternative 2 label
exercise 5 alternative 2 content
exercise 5 alternative 3 label
exercise 5 alternative 3 content
exercise 5 alternative 4 label
exercise 5 alternative 4 content
exercise 5 answer
